# 2025-06-04 — apunte

- APPEP meeting
- minutes of the online meeting
- report:
- JENAS 2025 meeting (computing of the 3 communities) (European Federated Computing). EU representative: show the products -> JENAS 2028
- recommendations to be sent to ESFRI
- technology: Vacuum and cryogenic is relevant to several experiments, combine knowhow
- relation with ASTRONET
- Canada expressed interest in join APPEP (Nigel Smith - Triumf)
- early career research
- SAC repport (preparing the future strategy)
- (245) inputs for the community and experiments. completed: neutrino properties and astroparticle theory, mostly neutrino astro and gamma rays.
- 0nubb: LEGEND-1000 5: next major/flagship project CUPID 4 next major/flagship project XLZD 4 Dark matter search experiment, interesting competive sens. on 0nbb NEXT 2 important R&D not at the same sensitivity as LEG-1000 and CUPID
- industry, URENCO
- survey to open and citizen science! (what is the context? )
- what about diversity, equality and integration (?)
- nuetrino-less double beta decay summit Heildelber
- JOG (group FA and Laboratory Directors), "multiple isotopes and more than one large tonnescale experiment implemented in the next decade."
- JOG chair (Nigel Smith)
- Early Career
- ACME
- ACME: multi-messager Astronomy 14.5 M€ (EU), Santiago is in, coordination, data share, optimization
- NuPECC
- Astronet (astronomy) consortium
- Action on the request of US scientist to join EU
- Strategic Actions
- NSF budget (55% reduction) (least reduction of live sciencies, infrasctructures 25%, Antartic operation is ok, IceCube 8M€->4M€). NSF support LIGO y IceCube
- IceCube upgrade is done and now it is only operation. For Gen.2 missing 100 M€ in Europe, logitics must in place in 2025 and some M€ for KM3NET
- LIGO 40% cut for LNS and close one side (it is importante to have 3 interferomenter working).
- Neutrino Physics Astronomy - What happens with IceCube, what about to invest in KM3NET and P-ONE
- EUCLID, CTA what is the influences? DESI and Chile obdervatory to transfer fron FNS to Universities
- 0nubb : LEGEND, CUPID (Xenon to organize)
- ET
- Constraction ETO (organization, INFN asn NIKKEF), founders IT, NL, BG, Spain. Maybe in the German roadmap (end of the year). France preparing the roadmap (fall-26)
- Optical geometry (Triangle or L) maybe in Sajonia. Decision on the site 2027? (Sardinia, Netherland, Germany)
- Next board oct26 (Lyon), LT is the low frequency domany is 1000 times more sensible that LiGO and VIRGO
- Canada
- As observed, but what entity (Triump?)
- one member missing signature of the MoU
