# 2025-01-14 — apunte

- Get the Kr maps and LT
- set the normal operation
- monitoring
- Get the Kr S1/S2(E, Q) caracterization and connection with the Light Collection
- alternative peaks selection (S1/S2) and centering of the Kr.
- Get the diffusion parameters, PDFs from Kr data
- Understanding how unexpected features (i.e baseline stability, noise, glow, sparse SiPMTs hits) affect the Kr.
- Compare MC/Data and tune the MC
- (pag2) Define operation conditions (HV, P), trigger, rate, what are the porpuse
- Yield, Light collection, vdrift, diffusion
- (page 3) Baseline stability,
- Noise of the baseline (noise frequencies, baseline-recovery)
- PMT sum is correct? what is the share of the PMTs (some problematic?)
- (page 3) scatter SiPM
- Inspect the origin (charge, distribution, correlation with Q of the corona)
- remove them from the processing (corona)
- (page 5, 10) IC parameters optimization Irene/Dorothea/Sophronia
- alternative selection of peaks and study of S1/S2
- (page 6) S1 selection
- Select good S1 signal, veto possible alphas, indentify the S1 (i.e S2w vs dt)
- alternative selection of peaks and relazed IC parameters to find S1 and offline identification
- (page 8 ) Rate of selection, monitoring in time
- (page 10) S1 studies
- height, width, energy, dependence within the chamber (with P)
- (page 11) Prediction of dtime from S2 (width)
- Kr maps without in events where the S1 is doubtful or have no S1
- (page 12) Understanding and monitoring Kr geometrial distribution of events (dt, map, raidus)
- Stable? What is causing the changes?
- (page 13) Understanding the origin of the structures of the Kr map vs radius
- What can be related to?
- (pag 14) Clean Kr Maps
- procedure the clean the maps (x-rays)
- LT computations (vs xy, dependence with z)
- (page 16) Understanding the E resolution
- Why there is so strong z-dependence (is diffusion? noise by the baseline?)
- (page 18) Produce the Kr map, corrected energy, E-resolution
- Optimize the E resolution, verify energy correction, understand problems, monitor in time
- (pag 20) Understanding Tracking energy (charge) map
- problems with the calibration of SiPM, calibration gain estability
- Should we equaluze the SiPM
- is there any problems os Kr acceptance per board (due to the gain)?
- (pag 21) SiPM distribution for Kr
- number and distribution of SiPMs
- obtain the PDF
- study the distribution of the external ring
- Are we biasing the position with the baricenter?
- (page 23) Light collection with S1
- Dependency of S1 in the chamber (anode, cathode, center) compare with MC
- Compare with NEW, compute the worsened of the light collection N100/NEW
- compare and tune the MC
- (page 24) Understanding the S2 Light collection efficiency
- Can we get the mesh transparency factor?
- Compare with MC, tune the MC
- (page 26) Understanding S2 light in SPMS
- verify the coverage! How mutch the pes threshold/SiPM are reducing the total charge?
- compare with MC, tune the MC
- (page 27) What we lear from the S2 ratio energy at PMTs and SiPMs?
- (page 28, see pag 24)
- (page 30) Compare S1 and S2 data/MC
- why charge is large in MC than data and the contrary for energy?
- How to tune and tune the MC
- (pag 31) Study diffusion, DL, DT, vdrift in different HV, P conditions
- compare with the MC, is possible understand the differences.
- (pag 32) map ratio data/MC vs radius
- excellent agreement, why data is seen more light at large radius than the MC predict?
- (pag 34) reconcile the energy resolution dependence with radius and z between data and MC
- (page 35) Study SiPMs cluster for Kr
- compute the PDF from data, tune the MD
- incorporate in MC the sparse SiMPT signals?
- Use the LT, modify till we get S1 data distrubution
- Use data to estimate the mesh transparency and then tune the MC get the reflectivity
