# 2025-05-09 — apunte

- Storage (hardware/software) (60 Tb)
- keep wfs for a good Kr run and last Th run HE
- define how to reduce the data for pmaps (for Kr and HE), create a working work
- decide for the machine for the disk space (720 Tb)
- We are going the use the new decoder which will allow to use more CPUs for the processing.
- Kr -
- Estudiar PMT energy spectrum and get the gain in ring
- Verificar si la BLR es correcta (before and after signal, a la Samuele)
- How the S2 vs DT behave, what we can learn?
- Reconstruction - Kr [Juan David]
- Compare true/reco with the LT, the study of the MC with Rhiannon
- New run of Kr - S2 selection with the wfs and test the Irene
- Trigger efficiency of the Kr selection (need auto-trigger)
- Monitor and understand the different filter and steps in the reconstruction chain and why?
- Prepare a simplified "Irene" reconstruction not IC to check that Irene is working properly
- What is the effect of the PMT noise in the energy resolution -> Mark with Samuele supervision
- How to separate S1s from Kr and S1s of noise?
- CM specific runs:
- auto-trigger run y Kr trigger
- auto-trigger run without the PMT vacuum pump [!!] y Kr trigger
- auto-trigger run PMT on/off y Kr trigger
- Why we have less Kr events at large drift-time, is an effect of the SiPM threshold!
- Using pmaps if there is a S2 in PMT check if there is in SiPM, if not why?
- ensure the corona efficiency reconstruction: low the threshold for the corona algorithm to ensure we are not biasing specially for the transverse diffusion, check the radius.
- use the MC to study possible bias of the SiPM selection due to diffusion
- What is the effect of the Kr spurious hits? [Pokee]
- What we do with the spurious hits: remove for tracking!! but what to do with the energy?
- Get the dependence of spurious hits vs slice light
- Can we create a graph algorithm to get connectivity maybe with the IC [Samuele]
- Martin, John about possible existing algorithms
- Can we do something more clever in Sophronia to select the spurius hits and remove them
- Sanity check: verify the energy resolution with the Sophronia hits and compare with the kdst. [Miriam/Juan David]
- The geometrical maps should be conceptually stable. How to ensure the stability? be detailed.
- Check if there are dependencies of the lifetime with respect position and time.
- Define a map with pure Kr and fix for online sophronia
- Get the kr-map by run and compare with the default and use for Isaura and compare
- Fit ICAROS and get the monitoring
- Do we have enough stats to generate a Kr map per run with the Th source on.
- At HE
- Validate the trigger of HE? Are we triggering efficiency on all the tracks, horizontal vs vertical
- we need to take auto-trigger with Th source
- we need to take trigger1 with a longer buffer to find long tracks [CM - Miriam?]
- Use of Anders emulation to compute the trigger efficiency. MC for Th with the light level in agreement with the data [Is Krishan working on it]. [Pau-Ander] [Kr ask?]
- reconstruction efficiency of the long tracks? Compare with MC. [Martin]
- main parameters.
- Monitorizar la energy scale [Martin/Miriam]
- Instead of correcting the hit energy SiPM per SiPM we can use the Bersheba hits? do we need interpolation? How to do at large radius [Samuele?]
- Muon reconstruction. Do we see muons that are horizontals? Do we have tracks of more than 400 us? [John]
- DZ effect [Martin] per PMT, per z, and others
