# 2025-05-07 — apunte

- trigger
- ensure trigger bias does not bias the selection
- sensor calibration
- ensure base-line supression and BLR
- estimation of gain, noise of PMTs
- estimation of gain, noise of SiPMs
- stability of PMTs
- stability of SiPMs
- reconstruction
- ensure S1, S2 determination
- ensure SiPM position
- Kr calibration
- estimate S1, S2 Kr light and characteristic
- estimate lifetime
- estimate drift-velocity
- estimate the Kr-map
- estimate longitudinal and transverse diffusion parameters
- stability of S1, S2 characteristic
- stability of lifetime
- stability of drift-velocity and related observables
- stability of the Kr-map
- stability of the diffusion
- decide when we need to update Kr-map
- monitoring of lifetime
- HE calibration - energy
- define and validate energy calibration
- estimate energy scale
- estimate energy resolution
- stability of the energy scale
- stability of the energy resolution
- study the energy dependences
- establish and validate extra energy corrections
- HE calibration - tracking
- study the S2 tracking characterics
- study the paulina performance
- study Beersheba performance
- PMTs - minor
- ¿do we understand the calibration gain, can we xcheck it?
- Is there a possible effect of the PMT base line slightly increase over time?
- Why there are some PMTs is larger noise than other, should we treat them separately?
- KR & Xrays - relevant
- Why the transverse diffusion does not match the expectation? Is there an efficiency on the diffusion at larger DT and radius?
- Do we have an issue with the reconstruction on Sophronia, should we go for different SiPM threshold cuts depending on the drift distance?
- Why the X-Kr energy spectry is different for different PMTs?
- Is there an effect of the lifetime values depending on looking at X, Kr? and PMTs?
- Check that the correction by SiPM (normal procedure) is the equivalent to the barycenter.
- How to deal with the corrections at larger radius? Should we use interpolation?
- Is there an effect of scatted SiPM hits for Kr events?
- Do we have enough stats to monitor and to correct the map in case of necesity?
- HE - relevant
- We have worse energy resolution than expected. It seems that we have serious dependencies with delta-z, and maybe z and radius.
- Is there a problem with the correction at larger drift distance? Is this related with a diffusion issue in Kr?
- Why the delta-z effect is not unique (there are several spots in the E vs Dz plot)
- The effect depends on the PMTs?
- depends on z? on the fidutial of the chamber?
- depends on the orientation of the tracks? Compare horizontal vs vertical tracks
- Are we having an efficiency problem detecting DE an PH of Th? Is related with the diffusion as for Kr? How we can quantify it? It depends on the trigger, reconstruction parameters, algorithms?
- We still do not have a preliminar single, double electron separation but John may have results soon.
