# 2025-05-10 — apunte

- (putting in order and clarify the tasks)
- Data and storage [PN]
- Store data for good runs (wfs, pmaps, Sophronia's hits) for example for good Kr and Th runs.
- purchase 60 Tb of tape for temporally solution [JMB]
- revisit the possibility of use the 720 Tb robust for a medium term storage [JMB]
- task force to recude the data size while keeping most of the information (i.e trigger1 keep only relevant events etc) [JAH, GML]
- Kr-studies [GML]
- MC studies: we estimate the true lifetime using simulated data [GML, KM-CM]
- MC studies: study possible sample bias introduced by the reconstruction, ie. Irene, [GML, K-Juan David]
- trigger studies: study the Kr trigger efficiency [PN]
- auto-trigger sample [PN, JAH->]
- data studies: define a Kr S2 using wfs and study the reconstruction (irene) selection efficiency [GML]
- data studies: monitor and understand the efficiencies in the different steps and filters of the reconstruction. [GML]
- software: simplified and parallel code like Irene to find S1, S2 peaks, xcheck with irene results [S]
- data studies: how is the impact of the PMT (SiPM) noise in the data? [S]
- what is the effect on the S1?
- is there any effect on the S2?
- How we can reduce the noise?
- take a data sample with the PMT vacuum pump off [PN, JAH->] with auto-trigger and Kr-trigger
- take a data sample with PMT off with auto-trigger and Kr-trigger [PN, JAH->]
- data studies: how to identify the "true" S1 with respect the spurious S1s? [GML, JAH, S]
- data studies: Why there are less Kr events at large drift distances. Is an effect of the SiPM threshold? [GML]
- Using pmaps, select S2 in the PMTs and check if there is signal in the SiPMs [JAH]
- MC and data studies: effieciency an bias of the corona algorithm [GM, KM]
- low the threshold for the corona algorithm to ensure we are not biasing specially for the transverse diffusion, check the radius.
- use the MC to study possible bias of the SiPM selection due to diffusion
- data studies: What is the effect of the Kr spurious hits? [JAH, PN - Pokee]
- Can we remove the spurious hits: find a graph algoritm to identify "tracks" and "satellites" [S - John, Martin] (check for existing algorithms)
- What we do with the spurious hits: remove for tracking! but what to do with the energy? [PN, JAH - Juan David, Pokee]
- Can we do something more clever in Sophronia to select and remove the spurious hits? for example with a cut on the SiPM that depends on the drift time, [GMK, PN]
- data studies: verify the energy resolution with the Sophronia hits and compare with the kdst [JAH - Miriam/Juan David]
- data studies: check for the stability of the Kr (geometrical) maps per run. [JAH, GML - Carlos]
- data studies: check for the time and geometrical dependeioes of the lifetime [JAH, GML - Carlos]
- data studies: define a map with pure Kr and fix for online Sophronia reconstruction [GML, PN] [PN, JAH -> Kr pure runs]
- data studies: compare energy resolution and performance using the general (best) Kr map and the Kr map optined run by run [JAH-Carlos]
- online processing: Fit ICAROS and get the monitoring [GML - Carlos]
- data studies: Do we have enough stats to generate a Kr map per run with the Th source on? [JAH, GML - Carlos]
- data studies: check for the stability of the Kr (geometrical) maps per run. [JAH, GML - Carlos]
- data studies: check for the time and geometrical dependeioes of the lifetime [JAH, GML - Carlos]
- HE - studies [JAH]
- MC studies: prepare MC Th sample with "realistic" light situation [JAH->KM]
- trigger studies: Validate the trigger. Are we triggering efficiency on all the tracks, horizontal vs vertical?
- auto-trigger with Th source [JAH,PN ->]
- trigger1 with a longer buffer to find long tracks [PN - Miriam?]
- Use of Anders' triger emulation to compute the trigger efficiency. Use MC [PN-Ander
- MC studies: compute reconstruction efficiency and bias of the long tracks? Compare with MC. [JAH, PN - Martin, Miriam, John]
- data studies: Monitorizar la energy scale [JAH - Martin/Miriam]
- software: Can we get a better method to apply the calibration?, i.e, using interpolation of the signal between the SiPM positions, or using the Bersheba's hits instead of Sophronia hits: [JAH, S]
- data studies: do we reconstruct muons? study the different angles [PN- John]
- data studies: the DT effect [JAH - Martin/Miriam]:
- select and separate subsamples and study as as function of different parameters [JAH - Martin]
- study the DZ effect per PMT and main parameters [JAH-Martin]
- data and MC studies: Track reconstruction [JAH - John]
- data and MC studies: revisit and stimate Paulina algorithms [JAH - John]
