# 2022-04-18 — apunte

- JR contact Akure for the test beam. DC 19/07-31/07
- August's discussion with CERN about the Californio source
- What about the CM, 22/6
- DC, JAH to talk with Hector, of the performance
- JR test of the water for the ball.
- @Sonia about the metra-quilato.
- @DC runs muons with the current version of WCSim
- @DC y @GD to fix the info of the WCSIM
- Sources
- what happens if we use less mass of the solid. 75% we look 1/3 of high energy gammas.
- 1 uC is maybe too high for a Californium source.
- possibility to cover with a poxy! Septiembre
- test of U. Shieldfield.
- BGO: a second quote. waiting for the response.
- barra metra-quilato.
- Simulations
- Installation of the software, Geant4.10.3, problems: Scintillation has changed seriously, Root.6, problems with Root.7. Revisiting the script to convert into HDF5.
- Docket container where to install the corresponding packages, and scripts.
- Reconstruction, FitQun,
- 1000 events, n, 1 - 10 MeV, origin, % of thermalization.
- WCSim: npz + python (datatools), info of digithits and true-hits
- Verify the script of Gonzalo and the one from Nick's (changed by Diego)
- Now it works BONSAI
- NN
- time of the hits, offset,
- RoC Run with/without the time.
- Production of 1 M events, (e/muon/gamma/pi-) Energies (Ch-Threshold - 1500 MeV) + index/ hdf5 One Drive.
- NN: ResNET: e/gamma with/without time information to check the results.
- Neutron reconstruct with NN and comparisons
- Beam simulation, Blear, discussion with Akira,
